---
layout: page
title: Teaching Creative Writing Series
description: "Seminar series event management and curation. October 2021 - May 2022"
img: assets/img/projects/tcw/tcw.png
importance: 0
permalink:  projects-events/tcw/
category: "teaching creative writing series"
---

Creative writers teach in schools, universities and the community, on retreats, in theatres and in workshops. Teaching is often a key part of a writer’s career, and there are rich possibilities creative arts education across a huge range of contexts. But how do you teach creative writing? Can you? This series offers anyone considering teaching creative writing as part of their career development the opportunity to look in detail at the theory and practice of creative writing pedagogy in a variety of institutional and community settings.

The series will address the historical principles and contemporary critiques of creative writing pedagogy, and how these are responding to wider institutional and societal developments. It will consider in detail the theory and practice of employing these pedagogical skills both within and outside higher education. Attendees will be invited to reflect on future possibilities and challenges for the development of creative writing teaching, enabling a deeper awareness and knowledge of creative writing as a subject of study, a future career, and a creative practice.

Students are not expected to attend all the sessions, but the series has been designed to allow for an arc of learning from theoretical principles to practical engagement.

- [Teaching Life Writing](teaching-life-writing/)
- [Teaching Creative Non-fiction with a Black Feminist Methodology](teaching-creative-non-fiction-with-a-black-feminist-methodology/)
- [Neurodiversity and the University](neurodiversity-and-the-university/)
- [Teaching Word-Image Relationships](teaching-word-image-relationships/)
- [Queer Space and Place](queer-space-and-place/)
- [Widening Access to African Literatures](widening-access-to-african-literatures/)
- [Literary Translation and Creativity](literary-translation-and-creativity/)
- [The Value of Creative Writing Retreats and Writer’s Awards](the-value-of-creative-writing-retreats-and-writers-awards/)

**The sessions took place online via Zoom, once a month for the 2021/22 academic year.**